Add CHANGELOG for v0.25 (#155)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.24 [2023-07-24]

_Enhancements_

> - Added the following controls to implement findings for non graviton processors and suggest graviton2 instead. ([#144](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/144))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the following controls to check which resources are using non-graviton processors: ([#144](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-thrifty/pull/144))
```
